yo yo yo what's going on ladies and
gentlemen welcome back this is very new
video my name is Ronnie Stubbs as you
probably already know today we're
playing on the bap craft back home
server with world-renowned youtuber
white boys Sun Street guys this is a
post commentary just say no we're
playing the battle royale minigame and
you know it's been so long and glad to
be back so let's say our dues and get
down to this poo see ya we see a little
gypsy up ahead this was a game full of
60 people let's go quick off guard TNT
arrow to the face twice oh look at these
goodies here we just got 12 more golden
apples from that and we see some combat
boots on the ground it only took us to
TNT arrows to knock the sucker right
down but now we are here got a pair of
combat boots and we are ready and pumped
we see a snowball grenade on the ground
so let's quick go for that and guys I
just want to know how you have been
doing cuz i've been doing a-okay myself
I was just in Palm Springs the other day
for code and it's Coachella time right
now and you know the weather is killer
when I was there it was about a
beautiful 85 seven or 85 89 90 degree
weather all week long and you know it
was beautiful so quick let's drink up
the water because we have a little
thirst counter in the right hand side
you know this is gonna be an intense
game so we need to be on our top
priority and quick we might be looking
around seeing five people left in the
game you know that is a pretty tight
spot to be out we're gonna throw a
grenade and the hot bar because you know
you never know when you're gonna need it
in a tight situation like this now do
you throw a pair comedies at the time
speed is now other necessity because in
a dire situation we may need that extra
strength that the combat boots are going
to give us a boost as well as our night
vision goggles that you can only find
here on BAP craft
calm quick a little look around we gonna
see some food let's take it anyway let's
just quick throw out a bottle of water
can know what we own the Pacific Ocean
so why do we need a bottle of water huh
I gotta pull for that we might want to
munch down on some bread and a little
bit but oh we spawn gypsies on us
on accident this boy says he's ready for
white boat but really he should be
getting ready for me don't pvp cuz i
will kick yo back my friend we have a
nice enter pearl to escape when we need
to the borders are closing in and we
have 75 seconds to get inside now we're
not too far away but you know there are
some zombie ass holes riding us today so
we do some quick of aid skills checks
chest for anything that we may need
got crunk running at us and we see to
mystical men on horses were they doing
the magical men one still on his horse
with the others got a pack of dogs what
are we gonna do we're gonna fight or
flight and we are gonna decide to flight
because there is no need for us to be
involved in this Bell the crab did
golden apple off the floor and let's
just you know these aren't even worth it
let's throw down an iron going to
protect us quick chow down on some
golden apples to heal us up and get that
absorption going so we are at prime
audio game time when we are reversing
what may happen in a 1v1 situation game
times going tight see a few things on
the ground that we could need to let's
quick throat ENT arrow at this mate
right here is down off course and he
will get right by a grenade getting down
on health let's grab a few Snipes if we
can TNT error to the face my friend and
one more is gonna get you out of this
game we are in a personal one be 175
player original fight with mr. alex
white boys and street himself we are
playing he has got a pair of combat
boots and iron are in a diamond sword
but if we can get him low enough we can
spam some iron bombs on him but she hit
by acci we're gonna cause him to attack
him as quick lunch down on some golden
apple as we see him fighting over there
maybe we can throw some gypsies at him
but you know this was to no avail
because we had those iron gold is that
he's summoned
and they were taking care of the gypsies
for me so if we can we're gonna try and
go in further slice what is he doing
with enter pro out of the area so that
he can quick getaway evade and he'll be
totally missed that tonight there that
is nothing like a good while we would
have done quick let's jump around but we
are gonna get loan help from a to direct
TNT arrows to the face behind us
not at all and a sword toward the back
he's gonna kill us at him it was such a
great game that we had going on but
thank you all for watching I hope you
enjoyed the video mr. white bullies and
street Alex yourself we are going to
have a rematch not everyone plays on the
good old bat craft server anymore but we
gotta bring some height back to and now
don't we so everybody you are watching
this video though tweet at white boy
send street and tell him that he has to
have a rematch with me thank you guys
for watching it was a nice game wow we
shortened it to the last few minutes but
we will be posting more videos soon hope
you guys enjoyed and will peace out to
you guys and we'll catch you on the flip
see you my later squid and head butt out